#!/bin/bash
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get install -y php5
sudo apt-get install -y php5-cgi
sudo apt-get upgrade -y php5
sudo apt-get install -y php5-cli
sudo apt-get install -y php5-common
sudo apt-get install -y php5-curl
sudo apt-get install -y php5-dev
sudo apt-get install -y php5-gd
sudo apt-get install -y php5-mcrypt
sudo apt-get install -y php5-mysql
sudo apt-get install -y php5-pgsql
sudo apt-get install -y php5-sqlite
sudo apt-get install -y php5-xmlrpc
sudo apt-get install -y php5-xsl
sudo apt-get install -y php5-json
sudo apt-get install -y php5-readline
sudo apt-get install -y php5-recode
sudo apt-get install -y php5-snmp
sudo apt-get install -y php5-tidy
sudo apt-get install -y php5-xcache
sudo apt-get install -y php5-xdebug
sudo apt-get install -y php5-fpm
sudo service apache2 restart